add baltimore story content (#536)
US-GHG-Center/veda-config-ghg: stories/baltimore.stories.mdx

    </Prose>
</Block>

<Block>
    <Prose>
    # New Observations to Come from the US GHG Center
    <p>The US GHG Center has joined the efforts in Baltimore and will soon be coordinating new aircraft-based measurement projects with [NOAA](https://gml.noaa.gov/ccgg/aircraft/) and [NASA](https://airbornescience.nasa.gov/) to complement and improve ground-based measurements. </p>
    <p>These airborne observations allow for direct measurements of greenhouse gas concentrations in Earth’s lower atmosphere and make this data readily available for researchers to validate and improve their own measurement and monitoring capabilities.</p>
    <p>Through these intensive, localized studies, researchers aim to develop new techniques that inform stakeholders how to combine satellite information and ground-based sensors for a more complete view of urban greenhouse gas emissions, in Baltimore and beyond.</p>
    </Prose>
</Block>

<Block>
    <Prose>
    # Resources for data users
    Detailed dataset information : [NIST Urban Greenhouse Gas Measurements Testbeds System dataset](https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/northeast-corridor-urban-test-bed-greenhouse-gas-emissions)

>     Explore the data in our customizable [interactive map](https://staging.earth.gov/ghgcenter/custom-interfaces/nist-interface/?region=nec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Explore the data in our customizable <Link to="/data-catalog/nec-testbed-ghg-concentrations">interactive map</Link>.
```
